Modularize, update, and enhance user focus of the "Architecture" part of Planning_for_Project (#2607)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_provisioning-methods-in-projectname.adoc

> [id="provisioning-methods-in-{ProjectNameID}_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="Provisioning-Methods-in-{ProjectNameID}_{context}"]
```

= Provisioning Methods in {ProjectName}

> Provisioning methods are part of the {ProjectName} application life cycle to create, manage, and update hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provisioning methods are part of the {ProjectName} application lifecycle to create, manage, and update hosts.
```

This does not make any sense to me. Please reword and split "Project lifecycle" and "lifecycle of managed hosts" more clearly.

Author: I think I found a way to introduce the module without using this weird sentence. So, addressed.

With {ProjectName}, you can provision hosts by using the following methods:

Bare Metal Provisioning::

> {Project} provisions bare metal hosts primarily by using PXE boot and MAC address identification.

Reviewer 2: Well, there is the PXE-less way :)

When provisioning bare metal hosts with {Project}, you can do the following:
+
* Create host entries and specify the MAC address of the physical host to provision.

> * Boot blank hosts to use the {Project} discovery service, which creates a pool of hosts that are ready to be provisioned.

Author: I checked that this is part of the original content (Provisioning_Hosts in this case). So I think it's okay to leave it as it is for now, and I've created an issue to clarify it in a subsequent PR: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/2771
